
NDAS ID

Revision

	August 2006, Chesong Lee <cslee@ximeta.com>

NDAS ID is 20 alpha-numeric characters to allow registering a NDAS
device at a NDAS host. When decrypted, a MAC Address of the NDAS device
and 4 byte extension fields can be obtained from a NDAS ID. 4-byte
extention fields contains Vendor ID (VID) and two reserved bytes
(0xFF,0xFF) and a single random byte (0xCD). Currently, all
in-production devices are using 0x01 as VID.  This allows that
multiple NDAS IDs are mapped to a single MAC-address-based NDAS
device. 

NDAS Sofware for Windows 3.11.1329 or later would make use of multiple
mappings to identify and impose different functions for select
vendors. 

For example, Seagate requests restricting use of Seagate NDAS
enclosure only for Seagate hard drives. To fulfill the request, we
would assign a different vendor ID and issue NDAS IDs based on that
VID for Seagate. Also, we would use a different NDAS OEM CODE (aka NDAS
User Login Password) to the default one.

For this changes, NDAS software implementation for all platforms
should be changed accordingly.

1. NDAS software should discern each NDAS ID with different vendor
   IDs. As each vendor ID may have different NDAS OEM CODE, only NDAS
   ID with a known VID (or feature implemented) should be accepted.

2. If a NDAS ID is valid but VID is unknown to the application, an
   error message should be such to advise a user to upgrade the
   software to use a new NDAS ID.

3. It should be avoided to use MAC address for utility
   applications. In cases that MAC addresses are used, an application
   should provide a way to specify the vendor ID, either code-based or
   name-based.

4. Vendor ID specific features should be implemented when VID is
   incorporated into the NDAS software.

* Default (0x01)

VID        : 0x01
OEM CODE   : 0xBB 0xEA 0x30 0x15 0x73 0x50 0x4A 0x1F
Restriction: None

* Seagate (0x41) Implementation

VID        : 0x41
OEM CODE   : 0x52 0x41 0x27 0x46 0xBC 0x6E 0xA2 0x99
Restriction: Allows only Seagate Hard Drive

When this VID is used to register a NDAS device to a NDAS host, NDAS
software must impose the restriction when mounting the device to the
system. Use Model number field (Word 27-46) in ATA IDENTIFY data to
identify Seagate products. Model number field starts with 'ST' in
ASCII for all Seagate models.

In cases that models from different vendors are used, alert a user
with appropriate error codes or messages.

ATAPI devices may not be used for Seagate models. (Subject to change)

